Atheist Resources - Addresses of Atheist Organizations

FREEDOM FROM RELIGION FOUNDATION
Darwin fish bumper stickers and assorted other atheist paraphernalia are available from the Freedom From Religion Foundation in the US. Write to FFRF, P.O. Box 750, Madison, WI 53701.

EVOLUTION DESIGNS
Evolution Designs sell the Darwin fish. It's a fish symbol, like the ones Christians stick on their cars, but with feet and the word Darwin written inside. The deluxe moulded 3D plastic fish is available postpaid in the US.

AMERICAN ATHEIST PRESS
AAP publish various atheist books including critiques of the Bible, lists of Biblical contradictions, and more. Books include The Bible Handbook by W.P. Ball and G.W. Foote covering Bible contradictions, absurdities, atrocities, and immoralities.

PROMETHEUS BOOKS
Sell books including religious critique and philosophical works about atheism and rationalism.

AFRICAN-AMERICANS FOR HUMANISM
An organization promoting black secular humanism and uncovering the history of black freethought. They publish a quarterly newsletter, AAH EXAMINER.

Books on Atheism - Fiction and Non-fiction

Fiction works by Philip K. Dick explore philosophical themes about religion and divinity. His works examine concepts of God and faith through science fiction narratives. Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale presents dystopian religious theocracy themes.

Non-fiction works provide philosophical justifications for atheism. Michael Martin's Atheism: A Philosophical Justification and The Case Against Christianity offer comprehensive critiques. James Turner's Without God, Without Creed examines the intellectual history of unbelief in America.

Philosophical Arguments for Atheism

Many atheists argue that God as presented by major religions is self-contradictory and logically impossible. Others embrace atheism through skepticism due to lack of evidence. The burden of proof lies with those claiming something exists, not those skeptical of extraordinary claims.

Net Resources and Archives

Archives of atheism discussions and resources are available through mail-based servers and online communities. These provide comprehensive collections of atheist literature, philosophical arguments, and organizational information for those seeking to learn more about secular perspectives and freethought philosophy.
